ViVi: Hello~
ViVi: This is dark haired ViVi.
ViVi: Sweet potatoes are being cooked over there~
HaSeul: Really?
ViVi: Right~
(Essential snack for LOOΠΔ on filming sight : Sweet potatoes)
HaSeul: ViVi! isn't it hot?
ViVi: Pumpkin sweet potato~
ViVi: It looks very delicious!
ViVi: I'm gonna have a sweet potato party!
ViVI: So happy~
ViVi: I've watited it for a long time~
ViVi: <Oh Yes> sweet potato!
ViVi: Our manager cooked it perfectly!
ViVi: The sweet potato gets on the peel...
ViVi: It's such a waste...
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / ViVi - Everyday I Love You (Feat. HaSeul)"
ViVi: Food is so precious
ViVi: So I'm used to eat them all even though it sticks to the peel!
(All LOOΠΔ members are eating sweet potatoes!)
(They are pretty even when they're eating!)
HyunJin: Oh yeah!
ViVi: Oh yes!
ViVi: It's really delicious~!